# Don't Get Pregnant Game
The game's objective is that you are a human egg cell attempting to avoid getting fertilized by sperm. You need to survive as long as possible until you inevitably get fertilized.

# TitleScreenManager.cs
This file is responsible for all title screen elements, including button sounds and button effects. It is also responsible for spawning sperm in the background of the title screen. This main menu is a hub where you can begin and exit the game (the functions to do so are included in this file). The settings button is a placeholder in the event I decide to add to this game in the future.

# PlayerController.cs
This file is in charge of the player's movement. The player can move the egg around the screen with the mouse cursor. It sets bounds on the screen size to prevent the player from going out of bounds. If the player collides with an object of type sperm, it will end the game if the player does not have a shield.

# PowerUpManager.cs
This file manages the power-ups for the game. It updates their counters when a power-up is used or earned. The player is granted a random power-up after every round (the initial implementation had an unknown interval for assigning power-ups). The 3 power-ups are a condom, spermicide gel, and a birth control pill. The condom will activate for 5 seconds when you press the 1 key and prevent any sperm from spawning while continuing the round at the usual rate. The spermicide gel will reduce the sperm to its original speed on round 1 when you press the 2 key (sperm speed changes as rounds progress). The birth control grants the player one free hit indefinitely and reskins the egg cell to visibly show the shield when you press the 3 key. All power-ups have a unique sound that is played upon activation. Power-ups can be activated at the same time, but cannot be used if that specific power-up is already active. The player will also be granted a free shield upon starting the game.

# SpermSpawner.cs
This file is responsible for spawning the sperm and destroying the ones that go off-screen (in the main game and the title screen). The sperm are assigned a side to spawn from and go toward the player's current position at an initial default speed (if the game is running, the sperm speed will increase as the rounds progress and a sound will play).

# GameManager.cs
This is the main file where most of the game logic lies. On the first wave, sperm will spawn at a rate of 1 every half a second (2 per second) and will move at a speed of 4f. The first wave will include 10 sperm and increase by 10 every round (the initial implementation was supposed to be 100 but was reduced for game flow). When 70% of the round has been completed, the spawn rate will increase to 10 sperm a second and an indicator paired with a sound will appear. After every round, the sperm speed will increase by 0.2f and the spawn rate will increase by 0.01f (the wave indicator will also increase). When the player collides with a sperm and the birth control power-up is not active, the game will freeze and provide the player with a game over screen. They can choose to play again, which will restart the game, or return to the main menu. The player will also be provided a sperm remaining counter at the top right of their screen that updates as the sperm goes off-screen. Additionally, the player is also provided a high score counter on the top left that updates once the game ends with a wave greater than the current high score.
